Update recurring-meeting.md (#602)
MicrosoftDocs/Viva: Viva/insights/advanced/analyst/templates/recurring-meeting.md

<iframe title="Report Section" width="600" height="373.5" src=https://msit.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiODNjZmZhNTktOTI1NS00NjRkLThkZTQtYzEyNTNhNzkzMWUyIiwidCI6IjcyZjk4OGJmLTg2ZjEtNDFhZi05MWFiLTJkN2NkMDExZGI0NyIsImMiOjV9 frameborder="0" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>

## Prerequisites

Before you can run the queries and populate the report in Power BI, you’ll need to:

* Be assigned the role of **Insights Analyst** in Viva Insights.

> * Have the December 2022 (or newer) version of Power BI Desktop installed. If you have an earlier version of Power BI installed, uninstall it before installing the new version. Then go to [Get Power BI Desktop](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/en-us/getting-started-with-power-bi/) to download and install the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have the December 2022 (or later) version of Power BI Desktop installed. If you have an earlier version of Power BI installed, uninstall it before installing the new version. Then go to [Get Power BI Desktop](https://powerbi.microsoft.com/getting-started-with-power-bi/) to download and install the latest version.
```

Author: @lilyolason we use the term 'newer' in all of our doc pages. For consistency, we should use the same word. Do you have any thoughts on the use of newer vs. later? Also, an interesting note about the inclusion of 'en-us' here in the pbi url. Will let you suggest next steps here.
